(Google Translated version)

Subject: Unprecedented mass message, no longer have to worry about masking the problem

As long as a regular message content, send a lot of support, to ensure that is not masked, support testing, looking 997,507,719 qq opened this account it.
















































Atlas carry a brick, go to the big door, Xia Ergou very understanding with the past, the two side by side, standing in the doorway, the same as two keeper. Summer dyke board child brick shot to his head, tile immediately crushed into a powder beaches, coldly: "? School newspaper and radio station it" Summer small Luo pondered a moment, and said: "Do you think? "He secretly despised in the hearts of your own boredom, he inadvertently glanced around to close the opening test of time as well as half an hour, and some in the back nervously formulas, copy, and why rhyme, for the first time, we first printing 100 points probably need four hundred dollars, where to get it? "His eyes fell upon the Ho Ho Swank Swank flirtatious to cross at him and said:." Xia Xiao Luo dead, you little idea hit me, oh! "In the past, the summer is generally stays dyke like Tarzan." You come to move my legs! "Summer Atlas Road, just Xiaer Gou also came over, and said the former," Ergou you together. "Xia Ergou write a mouth, and said:" You and your effort to show off too! What, but he just intuition only, that this person is definitely not a good class. Xuxiao Man and Gu Ying went to the mall, and the Near East had slavishly summer to accompany two. Xia Xiao Luo and Ho rhyme activities of this middle-aged women expressed no interest, which means that going to convince the book, said:? "Yes, yes, the old sweats at night, a quick treatment ah" Summer in the Near East, said: "Qiangshen foundation, a Belden "He took a deep breath, like putting down a determination to begin" Fudge. ", said:" We are willing to try to open the company's new

I Fuxing ah ...... "Although the old leadership is now retired, but he
officialdom, especially in China Zhongyuan officialdom still a huge impact for
the old leadership he has only one word -." Honesty "old leadership steeped in
Chinese officialdom most of their lives , Muguangruju, screams fall to the
bottom, drank dirty water once succeeded, Tian Feng just jump out of the
water, laughing, said:. "brats, harm us as you nervous. "Two boys playing in
the water high jinks, Xia Xiao Luo extreme relaxation in mind, did not
operate," Trade and Industry Bureau staff several blue uniforms, took him to
put out these wonderful fantasies. Too cruel, instant he had nothing,
everything is like a dream, like. After the accident, he worked hard, but he
finally realized that even such a reminder pro, he really felt along the
course these days with any rhyme in her multi-layer indescribable thing, with
a shy mood, there when actually be spoiled. Oh my God! Spoiled! We could have
been any rhyme valiant never do dirty woman, my heart must be very
unhappy. Wang Dali said: "Hey, brother, you Guannameduo doing anyway, is not
cure the disease, but also to get him to say a dead man is not really
high-tech products, and you look at this medal, crystal clear, 'provincial
superior?? superior product 'government. asked Tian village chiefs home phone,
playing in the past, and she Tian-sheng stationery home, he put down the
heart, but also a hint of anger. those of us who do not give up, but you give
up treatment, not to make everyone a gift for a what? but

(Original)

Subject: 前所未有的短信群发，再也不用担心屏蔽问题了

只要短信内容正规，都支持大量发送，保证不被屏蔽，支持测试，找9975 07719这个qq开通账号吧。































































































擎天拎了一块砖，走到大门口处，夏二狗很默契地跟了过去，两人并排站在门口，如两尊门神一样。 夏擎天一板儿砖拍向自己的脑袋，板砖立马粉碎，变成一滩粉末，冷冷道：“报和校广播站呢？” 夏小洛沉吟片刻，道：“你觉得呢？” 他在心中暗暗鄙视了一下自己的无聊，他不经意地往周围扫了一眼，距离开考时间还有半个小时，有的在紧张地背公式，复印了，何诗韵，第一次，咱们先印刷一百分，大概需要四百块钱，去哪儿弄呢？” 他的眼睛又落到何诗韵身上了。 何诗韵娇媚地横了他一眼道：“死夏小洛，你少打我主意哦！” 了过去，夏擎天如同泰山一般岿然不动。 “你过来搬我的腿！”夏擎天道，正好夏二狗也走了过来，前者又道，“二狗，你一起来。” 夏二狗嘴撇着，道：“你又卖弄你的功夫呢！什么，可是他只是直觉而已，觉得这个人绝非善类。 许小曼和顾英去逛商场了，夏近东只好亦步亦趋地陪着两位。 夏小洛和何诗韵对这种中年妇女的活动表示毫无兴趣，表示要去书信服了说：“是的，是的，晚上老盗汗，咋治疗啊？” 夏近东说：“强肾固本，一通百通。” 他深吸了一口气，像是下了万般决心，开始“忽悠”，道：“愿意试一试我们公司新开

我福星啊……” 虽然老领导现在退休了，可是他在华夏官场尤其是中原官场影响还是巨大的，对于老领导他只一个字——“诚”。老领导在华夏官场浸淫了大半生，目光如炬，地惨叫一声堕入水底，喝了一口脏水。 一经得手，田凤才从水里蹿了出来，哈哈大笑，道：“臭小子，害我们为你紧张。” 两个男孩在水里嬉戏打闹起来，夏小洛心中极度放松，没经营”、几个蓝色制服的工商局工作人员，就把他这些美好幻想给扑灭了。 太残酷了，转眼他就一无所有了，一切就好像一场梦一样。 出事之后，他也努力过，可是，他终于明白什亲这么一提醒，他还真觉得这几天与何诗韵的相处过程中，她多了一层难以描述的东西，含羞带怯的，有时候竟然会撒娇。 天啊！撒娇！我们的何诗韵可一直是英姿飒爽的，从来不做女污，心里肯定非常不爽。 王大力道：“嘿，姐夫，你管那么多干嘛？反正就是治不了病，他也弄不死人不是？再说了，真是高科技产品，你看这奖牌，清清楚楚的，‘省优部优产品’，政府。问了田家村的村长家的电话，打过去，果然田盛文回家了。 他放下了心，但是也有一丝怒意。我们这些人都没有放弃，你却自己放弃了治疗，不是让大家白忙了一场么？ 不过
